fix(http): Fetch and HTTP spec clarifications with 301 and 302 status codes (#35294)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/302/index.md

Search engines receiving this response will not attribute links to the original URL to the new resource, meaning no {{Glossary("SEO")}} value is transferred to the new URL.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Fetch Standard requires user agents to change the method to GET (if it was originally POST), the HTTP specification permits them to do so.
> > Use the `302` code only as a response for {{HTTPMethod("GET")}} or {{HTTPMethod("HEAD")}} methods and use {{HTTPStatus("307", "307 Temporary Redirect")}} otherwise, as the method change is explicitly prohibited in that case.
> >
> > In cases where you want the method used to be changed to {{HTTPMethod("GET")}}, use {{HTTPStatus("303", "303 See Other")}} instead.

Reviewer: Same as above:

```suggestion
> In the [Fetch Standard](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#http-redirect-fetch), when a user agent receives a `302` in response to a {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} request, it uses the {{HTTPMethod("GET")}} method in the subsequent redirection request, as permitted by the HTTP [specification](#specifications).
> To avoid user agents modifying the request, use {{HTTPStatus("307", "307 Temporary Redirect")}} instead, as altering the method after a `307` response is prohibited.
>
> In cases where you want any request method to be changed to {{HTTPMethod("GET")}}, use {{HTTPStatus("303", "303 See Other")}}.
```
